End of an era (#105)
UCL-MIRSG/.github: profile/README.md

> software as well as providing solutions for storage and curation of data.

The medical imaging research software group (MIRSG) is a subgroup of the

> Research Software Development group (RSDG) at UCL jointly run with Neil Oxtoby
> at the Centre for Medical Imaging Computing (CMIC) and collaborating
> closely with the UCLH Clinical Research Informatics Unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Advanced Research Computing (ARC) Centre's Collaborations team, and is run as a joint initiative with the Centre for Medical Image Computing (CMIC).
```
